when we talk about these centres farmers
here's the way the situation with word
imagine for a second you don't have
enough money to buy land you don't have
enough money to have a place to live we
have the great fortune of having as
xiii's and classes a just a wonderful
student great kid and just you know
unfortunately and he has this disease
spread rich ataxia which we were were
asked if we could do anything to help
raise awareness of this disease and also
to there was an anonymous donor who gave
money for us to spend a day in a
wheelchair to raise awareness for the
disease and also to raise awareness just
about the openness of our building the
how difficult it is for Zach during a
day for any any students who may have a
special need to get through the building
and just to make us a little more aware
of what it's like to be in their
position for a day I found this to be so
far a very humbling experience you we
all take so much for granted that we do
on a day-to-day you know basis just
regular things like writing on the
chalkboard and you know being in a
wheelchair obviously changes your your
vision you know where you are you're not
up up this high you're down here and so
you know just normal everyday kinds of
things that you know like I said we take
for granted or what I found out is that
narrow passageways there are a lot of
trouble the height restriction is a lot
of trouble I didn't really think about
that in advance but being shorter makes
things much more difficult I think the
number one point that I would make two
though is I understand i can get out of
this out of the seat whenever I want to
and that does always stay in the back of
your mind that I know I can get up and I
can do the things I want to do and it
really just makes you think for a second
you know and feel for for anyone who you
know this is the routine every day this
is what they go through every day and in
whether or not there's hope that they
will as well get out of that chair one
day but the courage it would take to
make this a part of your daily routine